Mr. Zhao, why are you here?
I'll tell you what.
The transfer that goes first in the cloud
It's my secret householder
It is Lord Liu Kuanliu, Chairperson of Hengyuan
And not you, a piece of trash who eats soft rice
I have sent someone to report
An adult will be here soon
What else do you have to say now?
Offend my Zhao family and die
Some people.
See how you see yourself
What else does he have?
He's going to die today.
That's right, I dare to deceive Mr. Zhao
You're dead, it's a lie
I lied to Mr. Zhao
Do evil
Mom, I'm not lying, I'm not lying
Since you don't know, I declare
Then why were you so respectful to me last time?
Iron Army, who do you think you are?
You only know when you communicate with the Sun family.
It's just a wild dog that accidentally won Miss Long's favor
The Sun family said so about you
What if I am the chairperson of Hengyuan Group?
I still want to come up with a yellow dragon
On the day of the feast, my eldest brother Zhao Wenlong attended
And the chairperson summoned me into the garage and into the ship
Only Miss Long and Lord Li Wu are in the garage
What's more, I have a special line and the position of chairperson
You wild dog can only understand
Ha ha.
Chuan County, right?
Miss Hum Long gives you a favor
You really think of yourself as a character
Lord Liu ordered me to acquire Wujiacun
Don't you just hate you Lu Yun?
Let's see who can save you today
Mr. Zhao, please take a seat
Don't be angry with this kind of person
Uncle take a look
I'll kill him
Don't talk
chairperson
What else do you want?
My order
Destroy the Zhao family